README.md, before:

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1145639466216738816?style=plastic&logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/qr5mPRq8uG)
[![Modrinth](https://img.shields.io/modrinth/dt/bbsentials?style=plastic&logo=modrinth)](https://modrinth.com/mod/bbsentials)
[![Github Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/HacktheTime/BBsentials/total?style=plastic&logo=github)](https://github.com/HacktheTime/bbsentials/releases)

# BBsentials
THIS MOD IS NOT AFFILIATED WITH BINGO BREWERS ANYMORE since indigo had a problem with me focusing
on 1.20 and refusing to collaborate with me on request.

The mod is available on modrinth https://modrinth.com/mod/bbsentials

For Mod Pack Creators: Please do NOT add this mod unless the intended use of the Mod Pack is for Bingo Players only. This is because it both requires setup as well as being quite resource intensive without having a use outside of bingo!


Worked on by
Hype_the_Time/hackthetime (Main Developer)

Contributors:

hannibal2 (never made a push but was very helpful with questions and did some parts of the code)
nea89 (helped with gradle and the waypoint render)

1.20.4
I recommend using Fabulously Optimized together with this mod.

Textures are usually by ic22487 but can be overriden by putting the textures at the correct path.

They have a full texture pack here.
(https://hypixel.net/threads/0-19-1-hypixel-for-1-8-1-12-and-1-20.4174260/)

**Do not expect any kind of support during Bingo times since those developing and/or moderating this are likely to sweat
it just like you.
If you have any kind of request you can still try it though.**

The newest branch is usually hypeswap. I recommend always looking at it since master is not updated very often. Only stable versions get merged into master

Commit message:

added FEATURES.md for a list of features.

README.md, after:

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1145639466216738816?style=plastic&logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/qr5mPRq8uG)
[![Modrinth](https://img.shields.io/modrinth/dt/bbsentials?style=plastic&logo=modrinth)](https://modrinth.com/mod/bbsentials)
[![Github Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/HacktheTime/BBsentials/total?style=plastic&logo=github)](https://github.com/HacktheTime/bbsentials/releases)

# BBsentials
THIS MOD IS NOT AFFILIATED WITH BINGO BREWERS ANYMORE since indigo had a problem with me focusing
on 1.20 and refusing to collaborate with me on request.

If you want to see the Features look at: the FEATURES.md file

The mod is available on modrinth https://modrinth.com/mod/bbsentials

For Mod Pack Creators: Please do NOT add this mod unless the intended use of the Mod Pack is for Bingo Players only. This is because it both requires setup as well as being quite resource intensive without having a use outside of bingo!


Worked on by
Hype_the_Time/hackthetime (Main Developer)

Contributors:

hannibal2 (never made a push but was very helpful with questions and did some parts of the code)
nea89 (helped with gradle and the waypoint render)

1.20.4
I recommend using Fabulously Optimized together with this mod.

Textures are usually by ic22487 but can be overriden by putting the textures at the correct path.

They have a full texture pack here.
(https://hypixel.net/threads/0-19-1-hypixel-for-1-8-1-12-and-1-20.4174260/)

**Do not expect any kind of support during Bingo times since those developing and/or moderating this are likely to sweat
it just like you.
If you have any kind of request you can still try it though.**

The newest branch is usually hypeswap. I recommend always looking at it since master is not updated very often. Only stable versions get merged into master
